1
 What is the computer doing whenever you type a letter on the keyboard space the computer is constantly scanning to see what you were typing and receiving your order at another end and expressing what you have pressed down this creates a scam code



 2 

 How do computers use input and output to create an experience??

 The user puts in information for example by clicking an image or typing the keyboard or uploading photos then the computer will process the information that it produces an output this is the way he communicates with the outside world through commands ,images,videos or text. For example when you use zoom to conference someone the input is the video and audio going through the  Camera the output is what Is received at the other end.

 3  

 Why are software products essentially infinitely reproducible nothings?

 The reason that software products are reproducible nothings would probably Lay on the fact that another company or competitor might come along and offer the same software or application for free or for a fraction of the cost it is something that can be created modified sold or be offered for free with advertisements it is a product of the times. When the author mentioned this term he gave a scenario of a changing office environment “in with the new out with the old”

 4

 Explain in your own words how code becomes software 

 Programmers use an integrated development environment. At a very basic level processors can do simple things for example they can read and write to memory or do math calculations.An executable program that is generated by the compilerIs and is just a list of instructions for the processor to follow. The instructions are reading and writing bytes to memory jumping forward specific lines and following the set parameters. A program expressed in a list of binary instructions is referred to as machine code. Source code is the human readable part  or what we do HTML or JavaScript, Python ect..the compiler turns source code into machine code by following our commands therefore creating a desirable output ..a structure which is made into a software which is then sold to the customers or companies to provide a solution or a feature that they can use.

 5
 Explain algorithms in your own words

 One of the ways that software and computers give us solutions is by sorting information. This could be finding the lowest price for an item on eBay and automatically updating the advertisement to the main page.An algorithm can be programmed to automatically list and sort items in an array in a certain order for example from smallest to largest.Algorithms will sort your data and react to the data according to what the desired reaction you programmed. For example in a Robinhood app you may have set the parameters to sell automatically after a stock reaches a certain level and the algorithm will do this for you automatically.

 6.Explain the dry principle 

 The dry principle is commonly known in the world of computer science as don't repeat your self. For example the programmer might have written a code very in a repetitive fashion and when this is done adding a feature will result in a more difficult task or  because then you would have to add the new feature to every single line across-the-board as opposed to one line which will be more affective and change everything in lesser steps.

 7.What is object oriented programming? 

 Object oriented programming is a programming style which is associated with the concept of classes and objects and various other concepts like inheritance polymorphism abstraction and encapsulation. We have data and functionality what object oriented programming does is put data and functionality together

 8.

 Explain data and how it  relates to code

 Data would consist of numbers and symbols and lists you can execute or send a command like do math or print something out. Amazon imports a large amount of search results their databases contain emails ,orders and information ect. This is always increasing and must always be managed reproducing more and more new infinite categories of replaceable nothings which is where the coding comes into play.

 9. 

 What is a framework? 

 It's like a car for example it has a structure or a framework in programming terms it's a software that has already been developed and is used to help you create your own application it's reusable code that provides functionality that you can integrate into your own program it has usually been worked on by other  programmers and has been tested and is probably more proficient than other code.


 10.

 What is debugging?

 When a program doesn't behave the way you expected to behave it is said to have a bug in it it essentially means the program has a functionality problem.When a program exhibits this behavior you must start the process of eliminating the bug this process is called debugging To make the program bug free and functioning normally. When you are the bogging it is in Porten it is important important to think like a a scientist  You must come up with a hypothesis and thirsty and then come up with another hypothesis and test that one Until you reach the root of the problem.

 11.
  Why do you want to learn how to code?

 Understanding everything that I know of what code is I would like to learn it so I can develop my own apps also coding skills can get you hired in companies of every field from healthcare to food and public relations the all have a tech department. Tech is a growing industry so there  Isn't a shortage of hiring in this particular field.  I believe Software is a beautiful design that gives wings to your creativity allowing you to flourish some of the solutions That a programmer must solve on a day-to-day basis consist of strategies That encourage thinking outside of the box and these type of routines keep your mind sharp there are many reasons to want to learn how to code these are some of my reasons.
